docs/index.rst, before:

Welcome to the documentation for NeuroConv!
======================================================

..
  :scale: 100 %
  :align: right

NeuroConv is a Python package designed to improve the accessibility and reliability of converting various
types of neural data to the Neurodata Without Borders (NWB) standard.


.. note::

    This packages is in alpha development; as such, we make every effort towards
    a stable environment but bugs are known to occur. If you use this software
    for your conversion, and discover any issues, please let us know through
    the `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/issues>`_ page.

.. toctree::
  :maxdepth: 2
  :caption: Contents

  user_guide
  conversion_example_gallery
  tutorials
  developer_guide

.. toctree::
  :maxdepth: 2
  :caption: API Documentation

  NWBConverter <api/nwbconverter>
  Interfaces <api/interfaces>
  Tools <api/tools>
  Utils <api/utils>

For more information regarding the NWB Standard, please view

- The `NWB Format Specification <https://nwb-schema.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_

.. Indices and tables
.. ==================
..
.. * :ref:`genindex`
.. * :ref:`modindex`
.. * :ref:`search`

Commit message:

large refactoring of user guide

docs/index.rst, after:

NeuroConv
=========

..
  :scale: 100 %
  :align: right

NeuroConv is a library for converting neurophysiology data from proprietary formats to Neurodata Without Borders
(NWB). NeuroConv can handle a large diversity of different data types, can combine data from multiple different
formats, and can efficiently handle very large datasets.

* See the :ref:`conversion_gallery` for example code converting from each supported format.
* See the :ref:`` for

.. toctree::
  :maxdepth: 2
  :caption: Contents

  user_guide/index
  conversion_example_gallery
  tutorials
  developer_guide

.. toctree::
  :maxdepth: 2
  :caption: API Documentation

  NWBConverter <api/nwbconverter>
  Interfaces <api/interfaces>
  Tools <api/tools>
  Utils <api/utils>

For more information regarding the NWB Standard, please view

- The `NWB Format Specification <https://nwb-schema.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_

.. Indices and tables
.. ==================
..
.. * :ref:`genindex`
.. * :ref:`modindex`
.. * :ref:`search`
